Logicapp readme update (#876)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs/_automation/waste-reduction-logic-app/README.md

> 

Reviewer: Don't forget to add the header needed for Just the Docs. Look at other doc files for an example.

# Automated detection

> The **Waste Reduction Logic App** is an automated detection mechanism provided by [Azure Logic App](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/logic-apps/logic-apps-overview). The logic app will run on a configurable schedule to monitor selected subscriptions for a set of idle resources and send notifications once it finds any of those resources to alert admins to investigate and take action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Waste reduction logic app** is an automated detection mechanism powered by [Azure Logic Apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/logic-apps/logic-apps-overview). The logic app will run on a configurable schedule to monitor selected subscriptions for a set of idle resources and send notifications once it finds any of those resources to alert admins to investigate and take action.
```

Use the following steps to deploy the Logic App

> 1. Create a new **Custom Deployment**

Reviewer: Can we use CreateUiDefinition like the other templates? That can happen in a separate PR, but this feels overly manual.

     * [Cloud Shell](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/deploy-cloud-shell?tabs=azure-cli)
     * [PowerShell](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/deploy-powershell)
     * [VS Code](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/deploy-vscode)
     * [CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/deploy-cli)
   * Verify the deployment is successful

2. Authorize Connection
    > [!NOTE]
    > After the deployment is complete, the API connection will have an error. This is expected and will be fixed after authorizing the connection

   * Select the **API connection** resource, then select **Edit API Connection** in the General tab to authorize the connection
    ![Edit API connection page](images/Edit-API-connection.png)
   * Select **Authorize**

    <br>
  
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > The account authorizing the connection will be used by the Logic App to send the Alerts

   * Select **Save** after the authorization is successful
    ![Authorize & Save page](images/Authorize-&-Save.png)
   * Go back to the **Overview** blade and verify that the **Status: Connected**

> 3. Create a system-assigned identity to allow the Logic App to "read" the resources in the subscription

Reviewer: Can we make this part of the template? I suppose we can do that in a future release, if needed, but it'd be unfortunate to have the extra manual steps.

   * Select the **WasteReductionApp**
   * Select **Identity** under the Settings tab and toggle the Status to **On**
   * **Save** your changes and select **yes** to enable the system assigned managed identity
    ![Identity configuration page](images/System-assigned-identity.png)
   * Go to **Azure role assignments** within the *system assigned* blade
   * Select **Add role assignment** and assign the following permissions then select **Save**

>   
>      ```text
> 
>       Scope: Subscription
> 
>       Subscription: Subscription to be analyzed by this Logic App
> 
>       Role: Reader
> 
>       ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Scope: Subscription
      - Subscription: Subscription to be analyzed by this Logic App
      - Role: Reader
```

     ![Adding role assignment page](images/Azure-role-assignment.png)

4. Configure the Logic App

   * Navigate to the **WasteReductionApp** and select **Logic App Designer** under the Development Tools tab
   * Configure the **reoccurrence**
   * Configure the **alert recipient email**

>    * Set **subscription IDs** in scope

Reviewer: These should be part of the template. Again, it can be a separate PR or maybe even a future release.
